CDK updates - overview page (#220)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/cdk/overview.md

Polygon Chain Development Kit (CDK) is a modular, open source software toolkit for blockchain developers which supports the installation and configuration of a variety of chain architectures. Polygon CDK empowers developers to launch new L2 chains running Polygon zkEVM technology on Ethereum or, in the future, transition existing Layer 1 (L1) chains into ZK-EVM L2s. 

!!! warning "ZK-EVM versus zkEVM"

>     - Whenever we refer to **ZK-EVM** chains, this is meant in a general sense and includes any zero-knowledge rollup chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  **ZK-EVM**: The capitalized and hyphenated usage of the term **refers to any zero-knowledge rollup chain in general**.
```

Reviewer: Suggest avoiding the use of "we"

>     - Whenever we are specifically referring to the Polygon zkEVM product, we use **zkEVM**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **zkEVM**: This usage of the term **refers to Polygon's zero-knowledge rollup and validium scaling solution**.
```

Reviewer: Suggest avoiding the use of "we"

## CDK options

> With Polygon CDK, developers can select a chain architecture specific to their needs from a set of supported, open source components. Alternatively, developers can select custom components for specific requirements. The diagram below shows the two supported configuration options, zkEVM rollup or validium. zkEVM rollups post transaction data from Polygon CDK directly onto Ethereum whereas validiums only post the transaction hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Polygon CDK, developers can select a chain architecture specific to their needs from a set of supported, open source components. Alternatively, developers can select custom components for specific requirements. The diagram below shows the two supported configuration options, zkEVM rollup or validium. zkEVM rollups post state data from Polygon CDK directly onto Ethereum, whereas validiums only post the state roots, while storing transaction data off-chain.
```

Reviewer: Might wanna confirm and double-check the accuracy of these couple of statements

![](../img/cdk/overview-1.png)

A chain tailored for a specific application might leverage the zkEVM execution environment, adopt the validium mode, and implement a centralized sequencer. 

!!! note "Example use case"
     A CDK zkEVM rollup L2 chain dedicated to running a game has lower security requirements than a high-value DeFi application. This could also use a validium mode for off-chain data availability to further reduce transaction costs.

!!! info "Coming soon"

>      Upon the completion of the aggregation layer every chain will have the option to be interoperable with other Polygon network chains. For now the aggregation layer in the CDK kit allows for independent chains (1 to 1) to settle independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Upon the completion of the aggregation layer, every chain will have the option to be interoperable with other Polygon network chains. For now, the aggregation layer in the CDK kit allows for independent chains (1-to-1) to settle discretely.
```

Reviewer: Maybe slightly rephrase for clarity?
